gh-127385: Add `F_DUPFD_QUERY` to `fcntl` (#127386)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-11-29-13-06-52.gh-issue-127385.PErcyB.rst

> Add the ``F_DUPFD_QUERY`` macro constants to the :mod:`fcntl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the ``F_DUPFD_QUERY`` constant to the :mod:`fcntl` module.
```
